Update for tag variables on single alert monitors (#10961)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/monitors/notifications.md

### Tag variables

Tag variables can be used in multi-alert monitors based on the tags selected in the multi-alert group box. This works for any tag following the `key:value` syntax.

> For example, if your monitor triggers for each `env`, then the variable `{{env.name}}` is available in your notification message. **Note**: Tag variables on single alert monitors are not supported. If you want to know the specific tag of the alerted monitor, you should use a multi-alert monitor instead. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, if your monitor triggers for each `env`, then the variable `{{env.name}}` is available in your notification message. 

<div class="alert alert-info"><strong>Note</strong>: Tag variables on single alert monitors are not supported. If you want to know the specific tag of the alerted monitor, use a multi-alert monitor instead.</div>
```

### Tag variables

Tag variables can be used in multi-alert monitors based on the tags selected in the multi-alert group box. This works for any tag following the `key:value` syntax.
For example, if your monitor triggers for each `env`, then the variable `{{env.name}}` is available in your notification message. 

<div class="alert alert-info"><strong>Note</strong>: Tag variables on single alert monitors are not supported. If you want to know the specific tag value that caused the alert, use a multi-alert monitor instead.</div>

> **Notes**: Variable content is escaped by default. To prevent content such as JSON or code from being escaped, use triple braces instead of double braces, for example: `{{{event.text}}}`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Variable content is escaped by default. To prevent content such as JSON or code from being escaped, use triple braces instead of double braces, for example: `{{{event.text}}}`.
```
